Oh what are party people in a place to
be today I got a special guest
Bridgeport very own funny hilarious
comedian and my friend mr. Jackson y'all
crisp AJ by OC snacks by what up C
Snipes YouTube Jackson is real new to
the foodie world man he had to do two
verses Dunkin Donuts we gotta try the
sugar cookie light and the Starbucks
caramel brulee I'm in duck adjoins I'm
like yo I love sugar cookies they got a
new lot a sugar cookie Lochte I'm in
Starbucks they drop their caramel brulee
probably like I don't know a couple
months ago probably like three three
months two three four yeah yeah like you
know let me do the vs lot people never
really had the sugar cookie latte
because if you do Starbucks you don't go
back to Dunkin Donuts I don't know
what's up with that
it's like you got a membership to the
YMCA something like that it's like it's
like boom subscribers man I just do
Express oh I can't do the milk man you
like oh hey you here
no one's good yeah so you'll do I
screaming I like that you wanna know you
don't free I can't go I'm lactose
intolerant but I can't give up the fine
desert trees is that worse the surgeries
it ends tonight
it is the night big shout to dunkey
doors they put the almond milk in your
latte cuz if you don't do that you they
put almond milk and that's you know I'm
a mix expensive and they do that they
give it to you as Starbucks and they do
soy milk or soy milk behind me in the
bathroom fast for me I like sway more
good too but I always want a story from
Starbucks I'll give it to Starbucks man
they're not they're not cheap with the
soy baby they give it to you you go by
the dam you like maybe like can I have
soy by the bar and they let you pour it
in your regular coffee like it's nothing
one time they gave me the whole box and
I poured it nobody's looking I walked
out with the box oh wow you know make
your own star bus if you keep this up
your genius before it get cold okay yeah
miss bong
this tastes like to Captain Crunch
cereal milk after you have Captain
Crunch now you don't want to get soggy
any milk and you drink the milk
that's all this tastes to me let me take
that again more like the cinnamon toast
crunch milk with the cereal tastes like
to you now that you say that it really
does taste like that yo Farouk cuz I
wasn't I wouldn't never thought I was
thinking I was thinking like something
probably that wasn't close to what I'm
after you taste because I don't know how
to describe something certain tasteless
but that was a great description right
there
Thank You Man yo see I would just
probably say this tastes like milk wish
no no nutmeg no no like almond in core
miss Johnson no no Jackson this is this
is Brule let's go ahead and try Dunkin
Donuts triple cookie why don't we drink
the Starbucks first and then it's like
down greater right yeah it's like we
don't win without me might not like this
now almost eight to say do ya nah just
letting cookie about this sugar is nasty
this tastes like a industrial coffee pot
that you get coffee out of like a
factory right you have complimentary
coffee listen Duncan those might have an
auto mechanic shop in the back because
this right here
tastes like industrial coffee you know
they like to put on cocaine though to
sit off the dog i'ma let y'all see
Jackson right now oh my god Dunkin
Donuts listen man that's what y'all do
your real thing is donuts not coffee
Starbucks their real thing is coffee
that's what they do they have baristas
in Starbucks you know it's may even it's
may even just dr. Donuts like
everybody's trippin McDonald's selling
chicken and like Burger King though they
they even they start to sell Cinnabons I
know right like everybody's everybody's
trying to something else man ah Thank
You selling this stuff to people Dunkin
Donuts your son mr. people people are
jigging this they have families what are
you doing
I have a family see snacks rhythm from 1
to 5 that's what I read them
what are you rate from 1 to 5 is
Starbucks caramel brulee no caramel
boule for me at Starbucks I want to
follow our powder blue would give it
almost gonna have a say it I'd give it a
five straight a five okay I like it it's
not all that man I'm gonna give the
camera Willie I'm gonna be the three man
and right now the Dunkin Donuts this
y'all I'll give this a one like I do
taste a little sugar cookie in it man
y'all can step it up man that's another
review man I want to thank my boy
Jackson comedian Jackson for stopping by
our please make sure you follow Jack sit
out this stand-up comedy man check him
out on Facebook like I say he's
hilarious Facebook it is rated R it is
rated R he do not hold back no punches
man and follow him on Instagram also man
there's a boy see see snacks from team
Dame peace